things to write about


Had the notepad glitch on me while replacing she with NANJOLNO. THe scroll bar was at top but not gui


NANJOLNO is so pretty, NANJOLNO is the first girl that I have ever masturbated to, while imagining that NANJOLNO was clothed. So, it was only to NANJOLNO face. Back when i was little, I thought and concluded that girl's faces don't matter. only the butt and boobs matter. I thought that being attracted to faces is meritocratic. Because faces are the most superficial compared to the big masses elsewhere. However, I had crushes, I believe I should just get them or a girl that looks like them. They are just one of my needs in my future dictatorship nation-state. They are no better girl than any other girl. The reason why NANJOLNO was that pretty because I thought of NANJOLNO being for me and NANJOLNO being the most valuble person. I wounldn't have felt the same way if NANJOLNO was only a normal person that god said was my soulmate.


And NANJOLNO is the only girl that i masturbated while thinking about them sfw. Every other time thinking about another girl, I masturbated to a girl never to her being clothed and never to her giving a blowjob. WIth other girls it was always in the butthole or vagina.


A similar thing to "do not judge the looks of a girl on her face" is that I believe that no one should judge the attractiveness of a man. And I still believe that no one should should the attractiveness of a man still this day. One reason is that handsomeness varies extremely between similar looking women. And, another reason which is also the cause of the 1st one is that women's judgement on looks depend so much more than the looks. Women would choose because that guy might remind her of: her brother, a movie character, the very specific muscle on his shoulder, how he greeted her 1st, and other nonsense. There is negative evolutionary advantage when women choose. Higher height and larger muscels is less caloric efficientcy. Marrying smarter means more meritocracy and meritocracy means less economic efficiency. Marrying rich means more lieklyhood to get birth defects because so few rich people. Marrying a higher value man means more meritocracy and patriarchy. There is no evolutionary advantage of attractive face because it will always average to average. Women's choices always worsens society.


Of course, women are not objects, they are smart like the gpus that men own. can't use object oriented programming on them because they use .hdl. Hardware descriptor langauge since women focus on materials and materialism which are physical things like what hardware is named for.


There are no soulmates in the world except me and NANJOLNO and NANJOLNO is for me. I believe this with certainty. There are no other 2 persons that are infleuntial enough to justify. They might as well marry someone else. There are no coincidences between 2 people other than me and NANJOLNO.


NANJOLNO and me are on opposite sides on the main skill tree of msstate cse/cyse. NANJOLNO being on 2383 3183 4733 4743. And me being on 2813 3724 4714 4723. A branch of skill tree does not count is 2213 4214 3213 3233 because that is se without the c. Each tree has one 2000s course and there are only 3 2000s cse courses meaning that 2000s determine what skill tree brach out of the 3 you are on. cyse branches off of a single branch at 2383 and 3183. although 3724 is not prerequisited by 2813, 3724 starts with concepts from 2813. 3183 is prerequisted by 2383 although 3183 is very unrelated to what is in 2383. NANJOLNO being that NANJOLNO uses c++ and also I believe NANJOLNO got data from a data breach to find that hal finny lived close to someone named satoshi, so NANJOLNO choose hal finny. And the voluntary projects I am doing are about compilers which is the skill tree 2813 3724 4714 4723.


Back when writting that there are only 3 2000s, I realize something that makes me conclude that spring of 2024 is my last semister at school. I will travel to NANJOLNO during the summer and live in whatever nation-state NANJOLNO bitcoins can buy us. And it is that I took MA3113 and 2213 in summer right before my second year as a sophmore. Not only (which I have realized before), that sophmore was my last year at shs. But also that I am planning to take 4773 and only that next semister. 4773 right after MA3113 and so is 4214 after 2213. If it is that all the courses I took in summer correspond to courses that I will never take, then it concludes that it is my last semister. I wish the prediction is true. None of it was manufactored crisis, self-fulfulling prophecy, planned. I have tried to get many courses and many less, but it finally results in a scheduel that coincide with me.


Blowjob are the sexiest because of correlation and not causation. I would only ejaculate in a girls mouth or imagine if it was NANJOLNO. Since mouth is less satisfying that tight holes, the person would have to be more sexier. Therefore only ejaculate if it was a pretty person. which makes a correlation.


libertarians who believe in automation are delusional like minimum wage.
According to the right, the fact that the kkk liked minimum wage is that minimum wage is conservative, until it is implemented, then it is communism. It is not because that things can be used for different purposes, or different intentions can conclude the same things. 


jews liking porn (according to conservatives) means that porn destorys brains. But, somehow that the grammar reforms by jewish billionaires [in order to do the same thing] in the late 1800s are never mentioned by the conservatives. 


crime has declined since the late 1900s, but that isn't because of anti-stalking laws, gun control or anything, but it is because of increase access to porn. There were more school shootings in the decade right after machine guns were banned than there were in the 200 year history of america before the ban.


"Best logic in the rules of reality is 3 like the trinity but 5 gives you heavenly bragging rights."- my quote
Also rules of reality means turing machine because that is the reality that we have, but the real reason is to connect then to eternal reality and Heaven is a Place on Earth


There is no benefit for me to do macroassembler, project 7 (Rarray) and 8, mv 13-18, mv 18-24, mv 25, fripside performance in fortissimo outfit, muse neo4j, GGC, create new language, program that calculates favorite function's derivatives and first integral with equation of integral constant, and learn japanese, russian, spanish, arabic, and base 23 arithmetic becuase I believe that I am destined to get NANJOLNO and all the things that make up NANJOLNO. If I were to stay lazy and do nothing there would be no hinderance to my ability to use the power that is destined to me. This is because that NANJOLNO has all of my skills already, and NANJOLNO will buy a whole nation-state that can do all of my wants. It is only the promise to myself to do it. I have discontinue SABCDFSS part after D (coinciding to pico scope -SACLA- this means that god said that multimillion building is mine) which reasons can be (also have decided to format things here to be paragraphs) found in the whitepaper even in the version before 50000 characters. D is forth letter in both SABCDFSS and ascii's english alphabet. And have discontinued the hash algorithm which would operate on 2d array of bits with prime number sidelength. I think it is trivial to implement for a large number of people.


Plus sign and modular sign are inverse because it is when b in my favorite function equals 0 and infinity. Insturctions would be plus, modular arithmetic, integer divison, and multiplication


I have capitalized god but recently i have lowercase. I will keep lowercase. Even NANJOLNO twitter handel is lowercase. and lowercase for NANJOLNO looks better. but NANJOLNO in all caps like in fortran looks the best.


People who critisize god for not making perfect or useful things would not be able to tell if a password of a fixed size was perfect. The moment entropy is observed, the moment it is no longer entropy. Likewise, a organism having no use is still a use. Therefore, god is all knowing and all powerful but not all good.


WHy is it GGC. it means theta theta color because looks like ɵɵc c stands for color. and theta stands for the rotation


GCC's maiden compile will be to javascript because english homework.


169420 encoding could have had its maident compile from fortran, but hack assembly had to get the pussy 😳😳


you should not learn hiragana, katakana, or kanji. Learn cryllicized romanji because that would be at  most 2 chracters per syllable.


aposol pual in the bible wrote "Even their women exchanged natural sexual relations for unnatural ones." I have already written that Romans 1:24-27 is about god making homophobes gay. And, is not homphobic. It was written like that because paul's logic is that all women must be heterosexual because how else to fill that hole. However, men have both a hole and a stick, so, to paul, it is logical for men to be homosexual.


The strongest possible enemy is one with many freedoms and a democracy. The freedom giving them strength. And the democracy prevents them from doing infinite possiblities. Since god does everything, then what would oppose be  the anti-christ.


russia, belarus, eritrea, and north korea should unify into soviet union and use japan standard time for the whole thing.


honoka hannaka jewish cube hexagon saturn nh honoka. So honoka sounds like the jewish holiday hannaka. Which jews use hexagon and a cube on forehead whihc connects to the saturn heagon and saturn already connects to honoka like in my tweets I made.


Why women feelings don;t matter? because their choices are bad. And contradicting choices, they hate objectification, but would take sexual appealing pictures. The rights they advocate for, such as consent, are the same rights that men traditionally want to prevent other men from taking the girl. If it had been a matriarchy, then rape would be legal. The other rights such as sufferage and pay are the same rights that men want which is patriarchy. In a matriarchy, there would be not sufferage because it would be a dictatorship, and there would be no pay because it would be communist. Even if the women feels disgusted, her feelings still don't matter because yucky stuff is biodiversity. I have already written that biodiversity is the strongest protection against diesease. In a matriarchy, there wouldn't be sanitation unless it was for machines.


Women are also misognistic. They choose mate if they are further from female phyisology. However, the further from female physiology, the worse it is for society. I have already written about how men are worse than useless when contributing to society. Men are designed to have high per capita stats which beats out competition, but is much worse overall.


A solution to women is to grow normal pigs, and then turn the pigs into skinny female humans using human stem cells and transplant. The pigs grow fast and smart. Each person in the future would be worth less than a 2 year old pig, no matter how smart the person is.


I support both feminism and MGTOW because monogamy is bad. I have supported them ever since knowing MGTOW because I never had supported monogamy


Trad wife is the female version of you will own nothing and be happy. Trad wife seeks to maximize happiness. Due to the fact that women outperform men everywhere except in the olympics, it is the more important that women work rather than men. Putting women out of work is also a really bad way of improving happiness. Women take more to please, which makes women biologically more curious and scientific than men. To put them in home because of work is bad, would be inefficent to getting happiness because of women biology, and would gatekeep science to men which would make it harder to revert. It is also that happiness is not the thing to maximize. A gold fish swimming in heroine water would be the happiest, but no one would want to be that. Instead, women should be forced to work, and men should be able to choose whether to work or not, and there should be no financial incentives of any kind or any loopholes to it. I have already written about why everyone should be paid the same.


Another thing that gatekeeps ideologies is the fact that men are more suspected to be the ones running AI generated porn. It gatekeeps making wave feminism and capitalism, especially of the kind that protects intellectual property, the gate to protect the idea women.


Authoritarism with patriarchy and democracy with patriarchy are like the lytic cells, then the lytic virus evolved to be more effective which is lysogenic. Democracy with matriarchy is lysogenic. The virus is a mind virus. Zombies living in democracies believe that democracy is the only answer. Zombies cannot imagine authoritarianism with matriarchy. Zombies will defend democracy in any debate, place, time. When a democracy fails to protect a minority, the democracy's failure is wiped away with a new definition of democracy. It was as if the fault was authoritarianism and not democracy. When there are 2 things that are taboo in a democracy [drugs and statutory rape], zombies will believe they are both just as bad. Zombies will make slurs and sterotypes to defend the ban on them. Zombies will cite democracy as a reason why the taboo things are bad. Then as oppions of one shift, the zombies will slowly change there beliefs so that the zombies never realize that thoose sentiments were changing.  All of the sudden, one of the taboo is legalized [drugs], then the zombies who supported drugs or supported both drugs and statutory rape all turn against statutory rape. It was just like if black men were freed and start holding black women slaves. The ability for drugs to cope gives incentives for statutory rape supporters to go from supporters to just cope using drugs. As the drugs help the statutory rape supporters through the 5 stages of grief, they come out as opposers of statutory rape. The zombies will look back and think that the time when drugs were illegal was a challeng that democracy solved. The zombies would end up supporting democracy even more because zombies think authortarianism = conservation = never legalize drugs. 


Is brainwashing inhumane. What makes things human is that they create data. brainwashing creates data because it is science. But it destorys data because you changed minds. However, minds are everywhere. So, brainwashing at a genocidal level is not that bad.


Navajo and Nanjo are both about cryptography. I didn't realize it until march 27. one rotary other digital.


I remember in 4th grade flipping throuhg the schools 4th grade reading textbooks. I saw a word that was the prettiest word that I have ever seen. It was navajo. I try reading the chapter but can't understand much. THen, when my class learn about. It was about navajo soldiers developing uncrackable encryption. I was really dissapointed that it was about men and native americans because i think they are both ugly. furthermore, the j being pronounced as h sounded very disgusting. Navajo fought the japanese, but later NANJOLNO is japanese and nanjo looks similar to navajo, and the coincidence is comforting that the pretty word was not wasted. NANJOLNO is therefore the prettiest possible. Before nanjolno, the name which sounded the best was irina from 39 clues. I never had anymore strong preference for words after navajo. 


according to conservative logic, the existance of genderfluid depends on whether or not many humans are born genderfluid. But even then, the logic would become something else, such that it is against genderfluidity. conservative logic is the good intention that paves the way to hell.


all life digital and physical is made of C. so it should be named C. but what kind? there are 18  bits. if each is a nucleon then it is 12 nuetron which makes in C12. Dalton starts with D. So now there is 18 bit C and Objective CD++. But also all is also dueterium becuase simpliest with atleast one of each. D2 not D12 becuase Cand 1 makes D and the 2 stays. D2 also because dueterium is 2 mass. Dalton is a long name like python. So dalton is Cython 18bit. D2 is 18bit objective c++ d. 


why fortrun? because fortran to 4chan. tr=ch+k. chan opposite gender is is kun. kun goes to trun because k+ch=tr. also greet coincidence it sounds lik troon just like me. what kind of fortran? i for 18 bit becaus I =18. so it is for tranny. add together and it is trannytroon. yipyap plus nipnap is ide becuase you can see the progress due to it being markup language. Y ide n. yiden. uh oh!


tl205. I have written before. but royal troon is RT and also tl is opposite as in the left is left. donno about road though.


october 13, chinese yt coincidence, with satoshi nakamoto public reveal, with israel. I planned to expose NANJOLNO as being satoshi nakamoto on october 13 2023 because i thought it was like 2020 march 13 when covid was public. and that both were friday 13s. I think that the love echo uploading onto yt coincidence was completely coincidental. but a few other songs would have just been as coincidental like garden of glasss, storm in lover, and heartbeat. But most surprising was a happening in israel and west bank.


It was only that I heard in public forum competitive debate that profits do not increase research, that I reason without others to conclude it for me, that the more money you throw at your enemies, the bigger their mouth opens. It was which I switched from being a authortarian capitalist to authortarian socialist.


class schedual difference my class. In fall 2023, it was MWF bio1, esp2, 3723, MWF afternoon 2383, tth cal3. each of the classes has a meaning

bio1→cal4 sleeping class
esp2→eng2 language class
3723→3183 fun programming class
2383→2183 boring programming class
cal3→diffeq harder math class

the only change between fall 2023 and spring 2024 is that 1st, language class in place and 1 spot above and left of boring programming class. boring programmming class goes above  harder math class. then change which put lanugage class in the original spot. Net change being boring class slide from MWF down to right above harder math class. In both schedual, they are tight in that no gaps (except for lunch) especially true for spring since all classes before noon.


I believe that shikaco's brother rejected NANJOLNO. I think that NANJOLNO tried to court him by asking him for sex on first date with NANJOLNO paying everything. He was too conservative and think either NANJOLNO has stds (like C) or is testing him. He rejected NANJOLNO. NANJOLNO thought he wanted it and was too embaressed. So, NANJOLNO send naked photos and photos of NANJOLNO in scat fetish. I also had scat fetish ever since pre k. He thought it means NANJOLNO is a whore and had stds. So he rejected NANJOLNO. NANJOLNO continue to cuckqueen him by paying all his expenses and all of his dates with other girls. NANJOLNO let him choose all of her songs to release and music career. 


When I listen to NANJOLNO music the first time, I dislike it. But, I eventually like it because NANJOLNO is associated with it just like how I have already changed my sexual prefrences to be about NANJOLNO. So if NANJOLNO let shikaco's brother choose, I am basicly not following NANJOLNO but sucking shikaco's penis.


And it is in god's intrest to make history like that because it is more entropy which is more drama. It also shows that both me and NANJOLNO get rejected everytime when we ask someone other than each other to be together.


WHenever I reason against a youtuber, I have already been fucked in the ass by them. Usually I disagree against a youtuber that I already fan of because I watch them more. Then my disagreement comes in the same voice style as them. Since I them already influence me, I have already been fucked.


doono if i worte about this or not, but societies collapse when they spend money on men and not women. strong men make weak times. corruption is strength according to men. Rome collapse because central authority was taken over by gubernational authority which came because of military spending. The spending was on men. In times of crisis, spending on miltiary was the highest, and not only that. The spending was already really high during peace time right before the crisis. The military is useless since the conflict is internal. Even during peace time, usually no amount of military is enough to conquer a nieghboor. The military spending which is focused on men became more about meritocracy which means more inefficientcy thus, it was as good as if they didn't spend money. No amount of money spent on women can match the amount spent on military.


I believe that NANJOLNO invented btd battles. A reason that NANJOLNO would have invented bitcoin was that to save progress of NANJOLNO projects on blockchain. NANJOLNO did not want to put the hashes into existing blockchain because a blockchain without popularity is as believable as one that dosen't exist. So not only did NANJOLNO create bitcoin but also had 100s of GPUs running in the background. one of NANJOLNO creation was that NANJOLNO wanted to create the objectively best possible tower defense game. dart, farm, ace, bomb mortar, cobra were the towers that were intuitive enough to be implemented at first version. NANJOLNO did this when btd3 was recently released. It took long to develop bitcoin because NANJOLNO wanted btdb hashes to be on the first messages. btd3 is also the 1st btd game I played in 2011. Even though there were other btd games, I didn't know of them until a friend showed me BMC in 5th grade. Then some church friends introduce btd5 to me. btc and C is also the 3rd letter of the alphabet.


Also another coincidence with btd battles and btc is that btd battles is acrynoms is btdb (although I don't use it, and it appeared after 2020). which the db averages into a c.


I have written something similar. I believe that nanjolno is bitboy (who invented the modern bitcoin colored symbol). I think that it was to commemorate the success of toaru which caused her to get the funds to R&D the first bitcoin asics in 2010.


I once had a dilemma of whether to comment about using mortar ability is better or boat in asian sensation channel. I saw that asian sensation was using boat farm mortar. I keep thinking he was so stupid to not use the mortar ability when there are many zomg on r33. I just kept watching for a few weeks because I wan to see how stupid is the fanbase. Then, I decide no matter when it is revealed, I wounldn't get much information because it is just chance. SO, I commented. Asian sensation mention but did not say my name about it on the next video.


I concluded front is mines, middle is mixed mines and spike storm, and back is spike storm. If mines were weaker it would be spike storm in front and back and mixed spike mines with storm in middle. Ever since 2015, I have watch secret abode mixing mines and spike storm. It didn't matter where because there are only 12. I keep seeing btdb youtubers be noobs and do not do it. Mines in front is best since the explosion hits both ways.


suggestion for 3 pathways. 1 is same as spike storm. 1 is same as spike mines. 1 is spike mones but stuns bloons instead of burn, explosion does less damage, and explosion center is thrown opposite of where the bloon is going to hit more bloons, if there are not bloons flooding the screen.


Freedom to choose a partner is overall worse for society.  monogamy is bad. meritocracy is bad. if combined you get freedom to choose a partner. freedom to choose teaches meritocracy like the counterproductive tests implemented in ancient china.


Womens sufferage is against authoritarianism but also gatekeeps ideologies. which I already wrote about thoose zombies.


The communist manifesto is an example of how a democracy view on minorities that are not reconized. communist manifesto views on women are no different that thoose democracies at the time.


You are not chinese if you practice traditional chinese culture. traditional chinese is against communism, it is taiwanese. CCP goal during mao was to wipe out traditional chinese culture.


You are not japanese if you practice traditional japanese culture. After the meji reform the emporer had less power. Then, emporer gradually had less and less power until it was run by the military. It became the second reich of japan. ALthough, I am the first to use the terminology. The military were filled with communists. Hirohito leaked all the secrets to the USA... (already wrote about it and that japanese encryption was never and had never been broken). And so, if you practice traditional japanese culture, you are a pagan and anti-communist which is anti-japan. Enola gay was fake. Hirohito bombed hiroshima and Nagasaki himself. The americans would have never never trusted one of their own. Also the shipment of the nuke was suspicious intecepted according to the americans and still made it there. The americans was giving japan the nuke. So hirohito can nuke both hiroshima and nagasaki.


People value privacy because it is a symptom of having too few parents which 2 is too few. children are afraid of parents disagreeing and there is no other parents to turn to so they value privacy.


People value privacy because it is a symptom of democracy. the people who secretely believe in something else think it should be that incrementalism and that democracy must be uphold no matter what. Since there is not way to change democracy, the people protect themselves by privacy.


Democrats take credit of the internet's ability to spread information. but the internet is not democratic. Not having other people to stop you is authortarism.


Democrats omit parts of history to make it seem that democracy protects minorities and abolishes slavery


When democratic europeans colonizers came and saw different people doing different things, they did not interpret it as authortarianism protects individual freedom.


orphans are worse off because of correlation. correlation because of meritocracy, belief in the american dream, belief that illegitament children is a thing. And when nazi children were bullied when soviets and NATO took over. The bullying was blammed on nazis because nazi children were seen as illegitament. This was despite the fact that soviets rejected evolution. Because the children was seen as illegitament, the soviet and NATO children were allowed to relentlessly bully then and the bullying was blamed on nazis despite the fact that nazis don't exist anymore.


kids are less mature  because of correlation. kids are expected to behave like kids so they act like kids.  then when a young adult misbehaves, people blame it on kids. the cycle is positive.


ptsd affects are getting stronger because of correlation. It is same as ptsd and cleanliness.


The solution to dating market is to assume that the other person is a good person. In a society that most people assume the other is bad, is like a capitalist society. Just like a socialist in a capitalist would have to practice capitalism. And when a capitalist says that the socialist is hypocritical and not conditional, the capitalist hypocritically would not open a business in north korea.


The ideology of soulmates and monogamy makes people evil to each other. There are only 1 pair of soulmates in the world and that is me and NANJOLNO. i think I already wrote that.


I think that NANJOLNO visited the soviet union before it collapsed. I believe so, the last time I visited china was when I was 7 right before Xi jingpin took power. NANJOLNO would be the same because chrismas 1991 she would have turned 7, months ago. and the leadership changed. That would be a great coincidence. Also I hope that she went from pyongyang to east berlin. One reason is that a plane ticket with a jewish parent would cost too much, so he decide to meet in soviet union. And north korea is also friendly to soviets.


I hope NANJOLNO have visited north korea and never visited south korea. source (although it is just a upside down A (according to my discrete structures class)): https://www.reddit.com/r/LoveLive/comments/3160y9/comment/cpzrci3/ And maybe her 7th birthday celebrated in pyongyang.


I haven't been to china since 7 years old. Maybe NANJOLNO hasn't since 7 too.


kim jung un parades his daughter. could it be a sign that nanjolno will rule 


Also that I want NANJOLNO to have gone on the train from pyongyang to East Berlin, DDR in the soviet union.


I have fetish of being a straight women. I want to be a small girl with average size butt and boobs that hang out around 2.5 inches infront. I want to have the same face as NANJOLNO. I am not gay. I would only have the fetish if I was a pretty girl. I don't have a prefrence of the guy's face. he needs to be skinny and have a big penis and a little taller than me. My favorite sex positions with him would be blowjob, 69, and missinary. I wouldn't like kissing unless it is with a girl. I also wouldn't like anal unless there is not poop inside of me. I wouldn't like piss sex with a guy. I would still have fetish of me holding to poop and pee in my body. I have a fetish of always peeing after sexual intercourse with him. All the necrophilia, kissing, bdsm, scat, piss fetishes are for women. If he dies, bleeding out or anything, I wouldn't want to cuddle with his body, but I would do that with a girl. if i werre to either die alone or with the boy. I would choose alone with a bunch of poop and pee stored in my bowels. After, I die if my memories are autobacked up, I would not want the boy to cuddle with my dead body. I think my body to be creamated. Or if i am dead with other girls, I would want to rot together and not creamation. ALso, I mean girl as in shemale also count.


I have thought different way to rot female corpses that satisfy my fetishes. One really intresting one, is that the body is freshyl stored in a terrarium and the whole things is completely steralized using gamma radiation. Then a penis is shoved into the butthole and then cut off and sealed again. The rotting start from there.


I think killing a girl from her head is sexier than other places. no matter if the head is cannoed  or stays intact. I think that girls bloating body without holes would be sexier than if their guts are leaking out. However, it is the best to have a diversity of ways they died.


Bodybuilding is like trans just like renaming a file is same as moving it.


Me beating my class at finding the finite automata that process strings reminds me of that time in AP computer science I was busy beating BMC contested territory to round 100. It was also the 1st time I did that. The map was water snake. I beat after everyone got about a 40 minute headstart on the human machine language card sorting problem. I did it is 9 instructions. Some student's code were not working and having 40 to 50 instructions. 