write about 2

The soviet children bullied the nazi orphans and then blamed the bullying onto the nazis. THe reasoning is that the nazi orphans are illegitamate childrens since they were born from adolf youth camp. It is the same reasoning that says that predators traumatize kids. And even worse is that soviets didn't believe in genetics because of Lysenkoism. The soviets were nepotism when they have no science to back it up not even fake science. Soviet culture was all about themselves and being greedy.

The soviets and the americans were the closests in relations and values. But, the americans were too greedy and caused the Cold war. The real Cold war was the 1st and 2nd world against the 3rd world. The soviets were scammers and sold defective weapons. The soviet tanks in the golf war did not have machine operated turrets despite the fact that soviets have the technology. The export migs have disfunctional radars despite the fact that the soviets have the best radar technology in the whole world.

If the soviets had won the Cold War the antichrist would have came before 2012. The americans had much more reasources, but the soviets were much more efficient. The efficientcy of the soviet economy would have locked in the political power of whatever structure is still rulling. Since that would be democracy and democracy is anti-God (I have written why. in short, it is because democracy make permenant bans on stuff by the equilibrium of public oppinion), that means that soviet union would have been the anti-christ.

The fact that inflation was still a thing in the soviet union shows that the soviets are evil and filled with corruption. Inflation is counter to communism since it makes money flow based on consumerism rather than government. But, in the soviet union it was beneficial to the rich communists who were just capitalists.

nanjolno visited the berlin wall before it collapsed. or maybe seen it collapse. but that would mean during the school year, so no collapse. I hope that she did visit the berlin wall before it collapsed. One hurestic is that I visited china when i was four. So if nanjolno visited pyongyang and soviet union at the same age as me then she could haave seen the berlin wall.

"Who trades freedom for security deserves niether security nore freedom" only works in democracy. The people in a democracy hate pedophiles but are sad that the age of consent is 18 and not 17. Then, they become closeted pedophiles.

Beuracracy only grows because it corrects for the fact that meritocracy doesn't work.

Darwin award act. We should ban airbags because people who crash cars do not deserve to live.

Cure to trauma is not meditation. It is to stop being nepotism and stop meritocracy. Having trauma is selfish because it is care to your family and not accepting the fact that there are other people out there.

Hypothetically, if veganism was viable, meat eating would be banned like child pornography. And the reasoning to justify would either be an atheists believing in absolute morality, a christian that would kill jesus for feeding the 5000 just like turning water to wine, or similar.

privacy is only a nessisity in a democracy. Other than acts of computers and nature, there is nothing less negotiable than the equilibrium of public oppinion.

comparision grey out comment ai to chinese proverbs confusing idiomes with scientific evidence. There was a video that I dislike that was about how AI just converges on stuff. There was a commenter that wrote about how if you take image of image over and over again, you would eventually get grey. It could be interpreted as AI bad because they can only do the same thing. But using the grey image as proof would be like the ancient chinese proverbs that treat idiomes as scientific evidence.

we should force all the pretty women to undress and holographic photo, 3d scan onto a database searchable by anyone because I like data.

goodstein theorm story. One time I made my sister watch a video about goodstien theorm, so I told her that easy to remember because gold is what makes people greedy and numbers go up like greed and then come down becuase the side effect of greed.

what else likes poop, that is trannies. And story about me wanting to cut offf my penis. Back when i was little. I knew about lesbian sex, but not straight sex. So, I think that the ichy feeling in my penis is bad and I want to cut it off like a troon. One day I beat it up and discovered masturbation.

Nanjolno is really good at playing video games with her feet. Nanjolno is both George and huasemaster. Players think that they (also the correct term for nanjolno) are different people because nanjolno plays them both at once. One controlled by hands the other controlled by feet.


































