write about 3

netherrack furance doesn't work because conservation of energy and equilibrium at low temperatures does not favor formation of time crystals.


4 planet war story. Once there were 3 angels. Each debate on whether human physiology should be more diverse or less diverse. One angel said that men and women should only produce chocolate milk. Another said that he likes strawberry milkly. And the 3rd said that he likes both. So, in the same solar system, the first angel created chocolate world, another created strawberry world. And the third one create 2 worlds. One had male chocolate milk and female strawberry milky, the other had female chocolate milk and male strawberry milk. In the 2 worlds where men and women had the same flavor milk, the people banned zoophilia and so every being that produces the other type of milk is a criminal. In the 2 worlds where men and women have different milk flavors, they banned transgender. Memes about disgusting trannies float around and any tranny that exist are lynched. Then, through technology, the worlds knew about each other. Believing that each of them are god's chosen and each other are the antichrist, they mutually eliminated each other. Pun: To solve the problem and bring solar peace, you would litterally have to be milky holmes.


actually my scheduel is sleep class in fall MWF and it switches with math class in spring


my whole family except dad look like nanjolno. donno if i just have a large crush on nanjolno or i do actually look like nanjolno. my brother and little sister are told that they look like me. we all look more like mom. so it is a family of nanjolno. except everyone is out of shape except the sister.


when you choose the wrong side in the cold war joke. already made the joke on twitter.


I don't need cp because I have sfw nanjolno


matpat bad apple meme 90% of video. there exist a bad apple video where 90 percent of begining is about how the video was made. THey made the matpat sao video in reality


bureacracies are men like because the top people respect each other which prevents the levels from flattening. Men are less competitive whenn resource are plenty. which is why beuracracies grow so much because there is no comparison between top and bottom to challeng it. 

scp tooth fairy. I describe to my little sister about how in the 1900s bad kids would get an extra pillow instead of dollar. The sudden big space displacement would rudely wake the baddies up. However, inflation increased and the strategy is no longer viable.

fat = scared for rest of life. reason why to surgery. in a person who excerised have lots of small fat cells. surgery removes excess fat cells so surgery preserves. Infact is the same with other medical procedures. the more natrual the less natrual.

I won't have a crush on my AP computer science teacher because that is a girl thing to do. If in a alternate universe where me and nanjolno genders are switched that might be a thing.

When the left says that men are paid more than women, they forget they are using averages and not distribution. They make the same fallacy that rightist conservatards use. It doesn't matter that there are more men than women in the rich 1 percent, there are more homeless men than women. Women complain about not getting more promotions than men. They forgot that most people don't even have the chance to get a promotion. Thoose wave feminists might as well be a white supremist and reason that the first slave owner in america was black. They are just like thoose anti-AIers, whenever there is a problem, they completely forget about capitalism and just attack. If everyone can do creativity without having to worry about food and roof, none of them would be attacking AI. Similarily, rich being rich is a rich problem, not a diversity problem. "muh, not enough women are getting promoted" Yeah that is a good thing. Go fucking "muh, not enough women are scummy CEOs and epstien island owners" I have already reasoned that women should do all the work and men should lazy around. Not only that, but money is main purpose is on luxuries and in a capitalist economy (and only in a capitalist economy): incentives, reasource flow, and distribution. Therefore, there is no reason for a communist high officer to be paid a lot. Also paying money is for them to get luxury. Doing that to your work force damages thoose intentions and work ethic. Therefore, women should be paid nothing. Their luxury is work and authority. Joke: I watched enough isekai anime to know this ⚙️🌏

Nanjolno might have accidentally use . doublspace because japanese spaces are bigger. Therefore, nanjolno might have accidentally be british. otherwise, nanjolno could have known japan and britain are like island off a contenient. if nanjolno could choose to be in anime or created it, it would be same as milky holmes


nanjolno  been to north korea the most. she celebrated birthdays 1 to 27 in north korea. 2003 would be be the the 1st year in yoyogi. can plan allowed skip in advnace until 2012.

nanjolno drives up north with kussun because soviet union it reminds her. can only visit during summer.

1984-1991 boat and trip to east berlin.
1992-2002 boat if break is like 15 days earlier than normal, only north korea.
2003-2011 fly there through china and back in a 3 day range.

28th birthday S
23rd birthdya N
N/S
N 8400
S 10227
227 like nico yazawa in серьверюг сегоня
10 like 109 like getting kicked out of a country lol. and 109 in maki birthday nth day.
also because 227 uniquie digits 2 and 7 and then 9 which is 109.

harvard is yoyogi because oldest animation school

8400 prime factors 1 to 4th and exp is 4 1 2 1. 1=0 bin. so 2004
10227 has 2nd 4th and 93rd. 93 juche is 2004.

pyongyang 39th parrallel exactly so nanjolno marry me.

nanjolno choose yoyogi because Y or/and maybe harvard like.

chicken like shorts negative survival instinct is why 5 spiders eaten during sleep a year. shortz shows a chick go into mans mouth. joke can be made although missed chance about that is why the 5 spiders.

btc-e because ce to d. btd. also ce cerium 55 and mass 133. 55 133 to 155. e7 because 7 electrons to full shell.

73 juche vieta formula to 10 21. 19 84 reverse vieta formula to 7 12

collatz conjecture feature the sequence in decomposition of moslty either 13 40 (from vieta formula 8 5) or 23. 37 goes to 13 but it is above. so maybe it is 37 and 23 maybe not.

Da capo ascii art is not your normal ascii art. because del and bs. those characters are not used because no appearance.

use usps becaus ussp

11 and 5 may have some things in collatz conjecture. vieta formula gives 16(next term of 5) and 55(next term is 166 has 16 as substring) in expansion of 55. there is 376 (2 promenades below 576) next term is a flash 188.

2004 4 and 1 4 2 1 (label) @label 0;jmp is the simplest exit loop in hack

microcode: instruction 1421 is to halt and 2004 is to return.


WHen women gets punished for showing nudity, they complain that women have it harder on looks. When they don't, they complain about male gaze. The men would complain about censorship or become of hypocrite, or if women are allowed to be naked, they complain about degeneracy.

according to history, a russian man divorces his wife after 20 years. when asked about it, he said "shouldn't 20 years of punishment be enough for a man. A japanese college graduate who got all S in school and college was asked why he became a hikormori. He said the same thing"


thinking: can a substitute gate make evey type of modular inc/dec gate in other ary? works for 2 and 3? can a substitue gate with any and  gate  and any or gate ( such that in 2-ary is and/or respectivley) be functional complete? how about with modular inc/dec? 

wife snitch on husband's insider trading story. if roles reversed, they would say" hoes bring you down. Hoes cause more trouble that what they are worth"

nanjolno ta as in tantalum and Teacher Asistant



nanjolno like to sing in deep voice because of north korea accent.



